meanwhile in southern Gaza displace
Palestinians at camps in Rafa are
thanking student protesters for their
show of solidarity they've been
displaying messages of gratitude on
their tents they say that despite
clampdowns by universities and the
police calls to end the war have been
heard by the people besieged in
Gaza this idea came to us after seeing
what was happening in the news
especially the support from the students
of the world particularly the students
of Columbia University for standing with
us with their Humanity their hearts and
their compassion we hope the world will
stand United with them we hope for the
world to support them not to arrest them
and imprison
them make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz